V8 upgrade (#1)
hyphacoop/testnets: README.md

This repository contains current and archived genesis files, scripts, and configurations for Cosmos Hub testnets. Key network information is present here, but please check out the tutorial in the [Cosmos Hub documentation](https://hub.cosmos.network/main/hub-tutorials/join-testnet.html) for step-by-step instructions on how to join whichever testnet is currently running. You can also find legacy network information [here](legacy/README.md).

## Cosmos Hub Testnet Plan

The goals of the Cosmos Hub testnet program are to:

-  Build confidence among validators and full node operators to test upcoming software upgrades.
-  Provide developers with a low-risk production-like environment to test integrations with Cosmos Hub.
-  Make historical hub software releases and states readily available for testing and querying.

Beyond these goals, testnets could also become a site for R&D for new development and governance approaches in a fast-moving and live context.

Up until the `Vega` testnet, our approach was to deploy a testnet for each Gaia upgrade.

> **Starting with `Theta`, we have moved to a persistent testnet model, which means the `Theta` testnet will stay online and remain the primary Cosmos Hub testnet after the `v7-Theta` upgrade and beyond.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Starting with `Theta`, we have moved to a persistent testnet model. The`Theta` testnet will stay online and remain the primary Cosmos Hub testnet after the `v7-Theta` upgrade, including for the v8-Rho and v9-Lambda upgrades, and beyond**
```
